Update docs to clarify that all actions require a target (#628)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/user/README.md

## Actions

> In any cursorless command the action defines what happens to the specified target, therefore every action must have a target. For example deleting the target (`"chuck"` used like `"chuck made"`) or moving the cursor to select the target (`"take"`used like `"take made"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In any cursorless command, the action defines what happens to the specified target. Every command must have a target. For example, deleting the target (`"chuck"`, as in `"chuck air"`) or moving the cursor to select the target (`"take"`, as in `"take air"`).
```

Extracts a target as a variable using the VSCode refactor action

- `"extract <TARGET>"`

> - `"extract  <TARGET> as hello world"`

Reviewer: Does this one still work? I think we removed this form a while back

Author: extract T as hello world doesn't seem to work for me. Extract T still does

Author: Not sure how to verify for certain but extract ___ as ___ doesn't seem to exist.

Author: I've verified it by reading the ExtractVariable action file. l'll update the read me
